[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY:
What's the agenda
from those people who want
to control everything we do?
>>BRAD OLSEN: There will come
a time where they'll come out
of their smoky
boardrooms and they're
going to have to initiate
this new world order agenda.
The good news is the great
awakening is occurring.
People are waking up
to this in droves.
We're really going into this
brave new world, George,
where we don't know
what's going to happen.
>>NOORY: Well, welcome
back to "Beyond Belief."
George Noory here with you,
and Brad Olsen is with us.
He's an author and
public speaker.
He's been on the program before.
But he's got a brand new book
out called "Beyond Esoteric:
Escaping Prison Planet."
Brad, welcome back
to "Beyond Belief."
>>OLSEN: Hey, George.
It's always great to be
back, and wonderful to see
you and have this opportunity to
talk to you about my new book.
>>NOORY: What an
interesting title,
"Beyond Esoteric:
Prison Planet."
Tell me about that.
>>OLSEN: Well, it's the third
in the "Esoteric" series.
It started with "Modern
Esoteric," "Future Esoteric,"
and now "Beyond Esoteric."
And I came up with that
name because all the things
that are happening
in the world today,
no 19th century
occultist could imagine
this transhumanist and
changing world we live in today
with this neo fascist police
state seemingly taking hold,
as well as many
other things that
are happening in the world.
But at the same
time, the disclosure
of new things from
the Pentagon and new
breakthroughs with our health.
So it's quite an exciting
time to be alive.
And "Escaping Prison
Planet" is just
a subtitle for how we're waking
up to this control agenda
that's had an iron grip on
humanity for many, many years.
>>NOORY: Now, exactly what
does esoteric mean, Brad?
>>OLSEN: Esoteric is
a term for knowledge
that is obtained and hoarded
in a way by a select few.
It's different from
the occult. They
both mean that which is hidden.
But this is the group of
people that basically control
that flow of information.
And as we know, a
lot of information
has not been released
to the public.
It's coming through
the alternative media
now in different ways,
through the internet
and other sources like
your show "Coast to Coast."
It's been a wonderful
way to wake people up
and let them know that there
is another side to all this,
and that's what esoteric means.
>>NOORY: What is this agenda?
The subtitle is "Prison Planet."
What's the agenda from
those people who want
to control everything we do?
>>OLSEN: I start the
book out with a section
called Neo Fascism.
And it's a new form of fascism.
Remember when we
were in school, we
heard that fascism was
Mussolini and Hitler who
were heads of government
controlling corporations?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>OLSEN: Now it's
the other way around.
Now it's these invisible
heads of corporations--
>>NOORY: Controlling
everything else.
>>OLSEN: --controlling
So I termed it neo fascism.
And that's really what the
escape from prison planet
has to do, is waking up
to the control agenda,
this false matrix that has
been festooned upon the world
population.
And just stepping outside
of it and not conforming.
>>NOORY: You do a little
work on Edward Bernays.
>>OLSEN: I do.
>>NOORY: Wasn't he
the guy who came up
with the public relations
concept and everything else?
>>OLSEN: That's right.
Start my introduction with
some quotes from Bernays.
And he believed that the public
needed to be propagandized,
that we can't handle the truth.
And therefore, they
should smooth it over
with just a gloss
of not giving us
the full truth about everything.
>>NOORY: Well, when you talk
about control, on the Gaia
program "Escape the Matrix,"
world-renowned David Icke talks
just like you.
>>DAVID ICKE: How do a
relative handful of people
control the direction
of the world
with a population
currently of 7.7 billion?
And there had to be a structure
that allowed that to happen.
And also, that
structure had to be such
that the vast, overwhelming
majority of people
who were playing a
part in that control
had no idea that's
what they were doing.
And it turns out, there
is just such a structure.
You can use the symbolism--
and it's almost not symbolism.
It's how it is structured.
But you can use the
symbolism of the spider's web
to understand how the
few control the many.
Imagine a spider in
the center of the web.
And this spider, for those that
have watched our other programs
in this series, is
that non-human force,
that archontic force that
I've been talking about.
And then you come in
to the human world
with these strands in the web
immediately around the spider.
These strands are the most
exclusive secret societies.
Some of them don't
even have names,
which makes them harder
to identify and track.
And within that exclusive
group of secret societies
are those in the human
realm who absolutely know,
A, how all this works, and
B, what the end game is
and what the manipulation
is taking humanity towards.
And then you come further
out from the spider,
and then you start to
meet the secret societies
we do know about.
I mean, we know about
their existence.
We don't know about what their
inner circle is deciding.
But we know their names,
things like the Freemasons,
the Knights of Malta, the
Knights Templar, Opus Dei,
the inner circle of the Jesuit
order, and so on and so forth.
And that's important.
I'll emphasize this
more in a second.
When I talk about
secret societies,
I'm not saying that everybody
in that secret society
is manipulating the world.
[LAUGHS] That would
be ridiculous.
So many people would know.
It would get out widely
into the public arena.
These are compartmentalized
structures
where the few at the top,
the very few at the top
are the only ones that know
actually what the game really
is.
Everyone else only
knows a part of it.
>>NOORY: You like him.
>>OLSEN: I like David Icke.
He and I are big picture people.
We look at the whole
entirety of the world
and many of the
manipulations going on.
I went and saw David Icke
for 12 and a half hours
when he came through the
Bay Area a couple years ago.
>>NOORY: 12 and a half hours?
>>OLSEN: Of him
speaking the whole time.
It's amazing.
>>NOORY: And everybody
was glued to him?
>>OLSEN: Nobody left.
Everybody was there
the whole time.
And back then, before a
lot of the things that
are happening in the world
today, he would always say,
there will come a time
where they'll come out
of their smoky
boardrooms and they're
going to have to initiate
this new world order agenda.
And I think we're
seeing that happening
right now in real time.
>>NOORY: He was way
ahead of his time too.
>>OLSEN: He really was.
And I think he'll be remembered
favorably in history.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Now, getting back to
your book, what would you
like people to take away
from it after they read it?
>>OLSEN: Well, I'm an optimistic
and a very peaceful person.
I think we can get through
this in a nonviolent fashion.
I often say, the revolution
is consciousness.
I think it's up to us--
>>NOORY: And knowledge.
>>OLSEN: --as individuals
to collect knowledge,
to arm ourselves
intellectually, not physically,
and try to fight this
power in that way,
because we'll get slaughtered.
>>NOORY: So what happened
in your life, Brad,
where you saw this picture
and started to write about it
and research it?
>>OLSEN: From the time I was
a child, George, I thought,
why don't we live
on a utopia planet?
Why is there still war and
starvation and inequities?
Where's the justice?
Humans are very intelligent.
We can make change very quickly.
We can invent things.
We've gone to the moon.
We have computers on
our smartphones now.
So why are we still
driving around
in internal combustion
engines and polluting
this atmosphere
and one out of five
is going to bed
starving tonight?
It shouldn't be happening.
>>NOORY: We have more computer
power on our smartphones
than they had in the
"Apollo" missions
when they went to the moon.
It's incredible.
>>OLSEN: Isn't it?
So why can't we make
these advancements
with the introduction of free
energy technology, for example?
Which, we know Tesla
and many other inventors
have come to the table with
devices that don't pollute,
that can fuel our world.
Even using wireless
technology, as Tesla was
demonstrating 100 years ago.
And as we know, he was
ruthlessly suppressed
by these same globalists that--
>>NOORY: They couldn't figure
out how to make money from it.
>>OLSEN: Right.
>>NOORY: And so
they went after him.
>>OLSEN: Just like the
old journalistic adage,
if you can't make sense of
a story, follow the money.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Are you concerned that we
may not pull out of this?
>>OLSEN: We do walk the very
fine line along a razor's edge
where we could flip one way,
talk about the timelines.
Timeline two would be a
disaster for the world.
It would lock us down into
this prison planet much harsher
than anything we can imagine.
Or we could free our
minds, as David Icke wrote
one of his books, that we
can come to the conclusion
that we've been manipulated
and rise up peacefully,
change this program.
And perhaps this
current agenda is just
a speed bump in the road.
Then we could reach
a golden age, George.
And I hope we're
alive to see it,
because I think it's very close
to being within our grasp.
>>NOORY: Can we do it
in a nonviolent way?
>>OLSEN: We have to.
There has to be no other way.
The good news is the great
awakening is occurring.
People are waking up
to this in droves.
When I came out with the first
in my "Esoteric" series almost
10 years ago, it
was a tough sell.
It was very hard.
>>NOORY: And you were
way ahead of your time,
as David Icke was.
>>OLSEN: I pay
attention to things,
and I've been paying attention
to trends and the way--
>>NOORY: You see them.
You sense them.
>>OLSEN: I do indeed.
And that percolates
into my writing.
But it was much harder to have
this conversation with people
10 years ago than it is now.
>>NOORY: Which
brings up something
in your book about the embargo.
You believe the embargo
is being shredded away.
>>OLSEN: Well, that's right.
And our good friend
Stephen Bassett
coined the term
the truth embargo.
>>NOORY: Yes, he did.
>>OLSEN: And he is the one and
only lobbyist in Washington,
DC, on behalf of
disclosure and--
>>NOORY: Truth.
>>OLSEN: --UFO truth.
That's right.
So he's introduced me
in some of my talks,
and we've established
a very nice friendship,
as I know you have too.
He's a very genuine person.
And the embargo encompasses not
just UFO and ET truth, but also
our human origins.
Also the control mechanism
that's coming down on us.
One of the chapters in my
new book "Beyond Esoteric"
is called "Being Aware
of Predatory Species."
We have to look at
the big picture here.
We have to see
that there could be
predatory species that have a
taste for humans, for example.
And I know this is
a very dark subject,
and some people may not
want to go this way,
but I think it has to be said
if that's the way it's going.
>>NOORY: This embargo that
is being shredded away--
I can feel it.
Every year, it gets a
little more whittled
away where we're getting
more information,
whether it's UFOs or an agenda.
It's happening.
And 15 years ago, Steve Bassett
would say it was happening.
I'd tell him, Steve, it's not
going to happen right now.
Now he's at a point where
he says, you know what?
You were right, but
it is happening.
And I agree with that.
Do you feel it too?
>>OLSEN: I feel it too.
And that's the all-encompassing
great awakening.
We hear about the great reset.
Well, that's probably great
for the financial planners
of the world, that
they'll own everything
and we'll own nothing.
They even say that
on their website.
And you'll be happy about that.
But that's communism
to the nth degree,
and I don't think that
is really the trajectory
of the human race.
We yearn for freedom.
And freedom is
truth and knowledge
and understanding the
bigger picture here.
>>NOORY: Is that why the embargo
is slowly, slowly happening
and being whittled away?
>>OLSEN: That's right,
because individuals are waking
up and understanding this.
And the alternative media
is exploding, because people
are yearning for the truth.
That's why this book right out
of the gate is doing so well.
Just, people are anticipating
that this kind of information
is coming true.
They can't believe the
mainstream media anymore.
It's just-- we've been
deceived so many times.
And I just can't
watch it anymore.
It's just kind of
disturbing to me.
>>NOORY: Well, they have
their own agenda now.
>>OLSEN: Of course.
>>NOORY: I mean, in
the old days when
you would watch Walter Cronkite,
you believed the guy, you know?
Uncle Walter.
You were getting the
information, unbiased
and balanced.
And he would set
it-- he used to say
he doesn't vote
for the presidency
because he wants to
remain impartial.
And we don't have that anymore.
>>OLSEN: Right.
And the media has changed
in a multitude of ways.
It's been gobbled up by
six large multinational
conglomerates who
are basically owned
by these same globalists that
are initiating this new world
order agenda.
>>NOORY: And they keep force
feeding it down our throats,
don't they?
>>OLSEN: That's right.
And it just comes a time when
people have just had enough,
and that's why they turn
to the alternative media
and shows like yours, George.
And I really think you've done
a great service to humanity
for allowing this
information to get out.
>>NOORY: We want the truth.
>>OLSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: And one of
the other great things
too about your work is
you look into things that
look even strange and bizarre.
You've stumbled
across old giants.
Tell me about that.
>>OLSEN: Well, this is part
of the big picture here.
This is the true,
long-range history of Earth,
that there have been
antediluvian civilizations
on this planet, and
there have been giants
that have walked this Earth.
It's talked about in the Old
Testament and many old texts,
cuneiform texts of
the Sumerians as well.
And in South America, George--
I was just down there a
little over two years ago--
you can walk into
museums in Peru
and see these massive
elongated skulls.
>>NOORY: Oh, they're there.
But there is some
kind of suppression.
As a matter of fact, on the
"Open Minds" show, a Gaia
program, author Richard Dewhurst
talks about the explorer John
Powell who was influencing the
Smithsonian Institute never
to discuss the giant race.
>>RICHARD DEWHURST: But by
1879, Powell unequivocally
said, we're dealing
with Aboriginal savages
with no signs of
advanced culture,
no signs of higher intellect.
He said, there is absolutely
no pre-Columbian contact.
We will not accept that.
And any talk of lost tribes
will not even be considered.
Now interestingly
enough, Powell's father
was a preacher who lost his
whole congregation to Mormons.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
Oh, interesting.
[LAUGHS]
>>DEWHURST: So no
lost tribes for him.
>>MEREDITH: Yeah, no
>>DEWHURST: And this dovetailed
with other Smithsonian
policies, and
primarily evolution.
Now in the 19th
century when we had
our modern scientific
institutions,
they prided themselves
on rationality.
So anything to do with religion
or myth was like a curse.
And the whole idea
of evolution is
that we go from
knuckle draggers,
and we're getting
bigger and smarter.
Well, you can't have a chart
where you've got 12, 10, eight,
seven.
>>MEREDITH: We have
a descending height.
>>DEWHURST: It's
called devolution.
>>MEREDITH: [LAUGHS] Exactly.
>>DEWHURST: The
band Devo actually
was named after that concept.
>>MEREDITH: Right.
>>DEWHURST: And so you--
>>MEREDITH: So he was able
to influence the Smithsonian.
And as a result of that,
most of the other journals
of the day that would have been
considered the more headier,
academic journals of the
day bought into the mindset.
And it was dovetailing
with Darwinism, right?
>>DEWHURST: Correct.
Yeah.
It was a perfect storm.
And all of the universities
took their lead
from the Smithsonian.
And the Powell doctrine
has never been rescinded,
even though there's people
internally at the Smithsonian
now that are trying to argue
their way out of that box
and doing some interesting work.
>>NOORY: There are things
hidden away at the Smithsonian
that I know we
should know about.
>>OLSEN: Oh, absolutely, George.
I've read that book.
I have great respect
for Richard Dewhurst.
And I quote him in my chapter
on suppressed human origins.
So much so about
our early origins--
>>NOORY: Why would
they suppress this?
>>OLSEN: Well, he
made the point there
that they just
didn't want to try
to aggrandize the
savages as they
were known in the 19th century.
It was during the period
of Manifest Destiny
when white people were meant to
just conquer this land of ours,
that it was our duty and
it was ours for the taking.
>>NOORY: It was our destiny.
>>OLSEN: And the natives
were just in our way,
and they were more considered
a hindrance and a nuisance
than anything else.
So why would we
want to in any way
make their culture
seem better than it is?
Especially if it was
a high culture, which
we see in the mound cities in
the Midwest where you're from
and where I'm from--
>>NOORY: Cahokia in Illinois,
which I've seen, by the way.
It's fascinating.
>>OLSEN: St. Louis was
once known as Mound City.
There were so many mounds,
and they've just all
been plowed over.
>>NOORY: Yep.
Absolutely.
The Smithsonian has
things hidden away
I'm convinced in the
basement somewhere
that we should know about.
I mean, to me, it's an
abomination that we don't.
>>OLSEN: Remember in the end
of "Raiders of the Lost Ark,"
they showed just the general
warehouse with everything
hidden down there?
There's also reports that they
would just go to a dig site--
and I profiled Beloit College,
a very well-established college
in Wisconsin.
They were doing a dig at Lake
Delavan, finding giant bones.
Smithsonian comes
in like the FBI.
We'll take over here.
>>NOORY: We're in charge.
>>OLSEN: And they said,
well, we just want
to keep track of
what's going on,
and let us know
what you guys find.
They followed up a
little time later.
Smithsonian's like, we don't
know what you're talking about.
So there are reports
that they would just
dump the bones in the Atlantic
Ocean, just out of sight.
>>NOORY: Just to
get rid of them?
>>OLSEN: Yep.
>>NOORY: I don't think they did.
I think they hid them.
>>OLSEN: Well, maybe.
Let's hope they emerge someday.
That would be great.
>>NOORY: Or they're in some
billionaire's living room
somewhere.
Set up like that.
>>OLSEN: Or Masonic temple.
>>NOORY: The uber mind.
We're not talking
about the car company.
>>OLSEN: No.
>>NOORY: What is that?
>>OLSEN: So that's a term
I use for the final chapter
in "Beyond Esoteric,"
and that includes what
we're going through right now.
A stage, even a chrysalis moment
in humanity into human 2.0.
And this is why we
go beyond esoteric,
because nobody could
have even imagined
this when we were kids, George.
>>NOORY: Nor would
they teach us.
>>OLSEN: Of course not, how this
transhumanist agenda is taking
hold for better or for worse.
There are some things that
can truly enhance our health,
and then other things that
perhaps are not so good.
Perhaps putting bio
chips under our skin,
I wouldn't agree with that
as being an enhancement,
even if you can open your
door or pay your bills with it
or use it as a key to get
into the office at work.
I just think there's
some things that
are being a bit too
evasive into our privacy
and into our personal lives.
We don't need our phone
spying on us all the time
or tracking our--
>>NOORY: Telling us where
we are and everything else.
Do you notice on every
app, do you give permission
for your location?
No.
>>OLSEN: Right.
>>NOORY: But it's everywhere.
>>OLSEN: And sometimes you
have to go well into the menu
to turn this stuff off, that
they track you automatically
when AI starts creeping
into our lives as well.
And this is another thing.
I think we need to
take pause and consider
if this is really good or
necessary for moving on
as a human race.
>>NOORY: Elon Musk
would like to put
computer chips in our heads.
>>OLSEN: Yeah, I don't think
I want the Neuralink chip.
[LAUGHS] That's another one.
>>NOORY: I don't need it.
I don't want it.
>>OLSEN: Why can't
we just be humans?
Why can't we just
go on with our lives
without being enhanced in
all these different ways?
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Richard Dolan,
he's a researcher.
Was on the Gaia
program "Deep Space."
And he talks about different
human-computer relationships
that he's convinced could
happen in the future.
>>RICHARD DOLAN: What
I think we can say
is that we're seeing a lot
of technologies coalescing
to cause a speeding
up of this process.
So I'm very
sympathetic to the idea
that this is going to
happen very suddenly,
without our warning.
We will probably be
caught off guard by it.
And you know, it's interesting
to talk about the phrase
singularity in this context.
So AI people call
this the singularity
for a very definite reason.
They liken it to the
physics of a black hole.
At the center of black hole,
you have the singularity.
Essentially, a point
of virtual infinite
density and infinite
gravitational power.
And in that type
of crazy physics,
all of the physics that we
have don't seem to apply.
We don't know how to predict
things at the singularity.
And this is what AI
theorists are saying.
When computing intelligence
exceeds our own,
we human beings will
not have the ability
to predict the trajectory
of our civilization.
We're basically going to be
losing control over this car
that we think we're driving, and
now the dominant intelligence
will be beyond us.
And what will that
dominant intelligence do?
Will it merge with us as
Kurzweil thinks, a combination
of human-machine
hybrid intelligence
where we'll be some freakish
bunch of creatures living
for 500 years and IQs of 1,000,
totally unlike what we are?
Or will the computers
think, humanity?
Let's pull a Terminator on them.
We have no idea.
We don't know.
Or will they be our willing
slaves and make our world
a paradise?
Who knows?
That's why it's a singularity.
We can't really
predict any of this.
>>NOORY: Who knows?
But I have a feeling
it's going to happen.
>>OLSEN: He mentioned
going beyond.
We're on "Beyond Belief."
My book is "Beyond
Esoteric," and this
is what it's all about.
We're really going into this
brave new world, George,
where we don't know
what's going to happen.
>>NOORY: Are we
going too fast, Brad?
>>OLSEN: Absolutely.
Look at what's happened
just in our own lifetimes.
Can you imagine our kids
or our grandchildren,
the world they'll live in?
>>NOORY: I was watching
some old television shows,
and life seemed so
much simpler then,
even though I was
just a little kid.
But I just think things are
happening way too quickly,
don't you?
>>OLSEN: Way too quickly.
And isn't it funny how
we always hearken back
to these simpler times
when life was a lot easier
and before so many
complications or technology?
I mean, we still remember
the rotary phones.
>>NOORY: Well, I think
back at the times
we never had the internet.
We got by.
I mean, I love it.
It's a great tool.
It helps, especially with
me doing my talk show.
In those old days, you'd go
through magazines and newspaper
articles and clip them out,
and you'd walk into the studio
and you'd have papers
flying all over the place.
Now everything's concise
and to the point.
It's got some benefits, but it's
got some negative things to.
>>OLSEN: Right.
And we just have to weigh
the good from the bad,
as Richard Dolan,
our good friend,
talks about so eloquently with
this emerging transhumanism
creeping into our world
where robots, robotic tree
will merge with humanity.
And I think we do need
to put the brakes on some
of this stuff.
At least try it out first and
see if it's right for people.
And then the good stuff we
keep, the bad stuff we don't.
>>NOORY: Are we going to lose
who we are as individuals?
>>OLSEN: That is a great
philosophical question,
and it hearkens back to
a book in the '80s called
"Megatrends."
Do you remember that one?
By John Naisbitt.
And I always
remember, there was--
>>NOORY: Good memory.
>>OLSEN: --a
chapter-- oh, yeah--
called "High Tech High Touch."
And he called it
back in the '80s.
The more we get into
this high-tech world,
the more we're going
to have a yearning
to be close to one another,
because technology does
seem to put up this divide
between us that separates us,
and in many ways
makes us more lonely.
You know, you think you're
in touch with everybody
on social media and how it has
brought the world much closer
together, but it eliminates
that face-to-face contact.
And we're both so yearning
for the conferences
that we used to speak at
so much, so many of which
have been gone into
the online realm.
And we miss it.
I sure do.
There's nothing
like human contact.
>>NOORY: I like one on one.
>>OLSEN: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: I mean, I'm glad
you're here in the studio
as opposed to home somewhere
where I would interview you
via video, which works, but
there's a different feeling
when you're one on one.
>>OLSEN: There sure is.
And you can't beat that
high tech, high touch when
it comes to human interaction.
We're hardwired for it.
We need it in our lives.
And that's why we have
families and loved ones
and we love to be
around our friends.
And if that were
ever to go away,
I think we'd be a
very lonely world.
>>NOORY: How important
is our human brain
to all of this, Brad?
>>OLSEN: Ooh.
Well, that's really where
the uber mind section
comes into play, because
it is so much more
powerful than we've ever
been led to believe.
And if we were to,
for example, start
to de-calcify our pineal
gland and open that up, that's
our third eye, the seat of the
soul, the I am, all that is.
>>NOORY: That's where
melatonin's created, right?
>>OLSEN: That and
many other things.
And it is also our ability to
astral travel, to remote view
if you're able to train
your mind to do this.
And then amazing things
which could come out
such as telepathy
and telekinesis,
the bending of spoon like
Uri Geller does on stage.
We have these human
abilities innate within us.
If we were just to bring it out,
that would be the golden age.
And that ability
to be a mentalist--
wouldn't that be great if
we learned these trades when
we were going to school?
>>NOORY: I'd love it.
>>OLSEN: Maybe
that's the school--
>>NOORY: We'd get
straight A's, wouldn't we?
>>OLSEN: [LAUGHS]
>>NOORY: Morgellons disease.
You write about that.
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How come?
>>OLSEN: Because it's what's
happening in the world today.
It's starting to emerge
all around the world.
It's even coming out
in pets and mammals.
>>NOORY: What is it, as
far as you're concerned?
>>OLSEN: So it's
a fibrous material
that emerges from the skin.
And Joni Mitchell,
folk singer, had it.
She called it the alien fiber.
>>NOORY: It kind of
sticks out, right?
>>OLSEN: Yeah.
It'll protrude and
break through the skin.
It'll also show
up in the organs.
>>NOORY: People feel
like there's creepy
crawly things under their skin?
>>OLSEN: Yep.
>>NOORY: What a
horrible feeling.
>>OLSEN: It sure is.
It's only been diagnosed
just late 1990s.
So it's really a 21st
century affliction.
>>NOORY: The CDC finally
has recognized it
as an affliction or disease.
>>OLSEN: No, not yet.
They still--
>>NOORY: They brought
it up a little bit.
>>OLSEN: They have
brought it up.
They have to address it.
There are so many
people that have it.
But they refer to it as
delusional parasitosis,
that it's just all in
our heads and we're just
scratching our skin and
creating these sores.
>>NOORY: You call it
Morgellons nanobytes.
>>OLSEN: Nanobots.
>>NOORY: Nanobots.
Tell me about that.
>>OLSEN: So nanobots are
nano, very small-scale bots
like robots that
they have a form
of artificial life in them.
Just like all life in the
world, it seeks to survive.
It wants to live.
It does not want
to be wiped out.
Similar to the way
we've heard people
who have had alien implants and
doctors trying to remove them,
those implants evade capture.
They're very hard to get out.
Same thing with the Morgellons.
They don't want to be
captured and killed.
>>NOORY: Well, in "Beyond
Esoteric," you know firsthand
about Morgellons, don't you?
>>OLSEN: I have been
afflicted by it.
And it's the one chapter
I write in first person.
And I want to just
help other people that
have it try to understand what
it is and know that there's
hope and there are very
homeopathic ways to resolve it
and get over it.
>>NOORY: When did you
realize you had it
or that something was wrong?
>>OLSEN: About 10 years ago.
I've had it that long.
And I kind of blew it
off for a long time,
because there was just no
information out there about it.
And I've just been constantly
researching it and doing
different homeopathic
remedies to myself that
are not harmful to the body.
>>NOORY: Is it working?
>>OLSEN: I think so.
I'm pretty much over
the hump, but I wouldn't
say it's completely gone.
I'm not entirely sure
there's a cure for it.
>>NOORY: That's scary.
>>OLSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: How do you
think you got it?
>>OLSEN: I don't know.
I've traveled around the world.
I've been now to all
seven continents.
My dad thinks it was
living many years in Asia,
but I don't know about that.
>>NOORY: You feel the fibers?
>>OLSEN: Yeah, but
that was in the 1990s.
This is kind of before it came.
>>NOORY: It kind of went away.
>>OLSEN: Sofia Smallstorm
was a researcher.
I'm not sure if her videos
are on YouTube anymore.
But she was collecting rainwater
on heavy chemtrail days
and found these fibers
in the water samples.
>>NOORY: Do you know research
scientist Clifford Carnicom?
>>OLSEN: I sure do.
>>NOORY: He talks
about Morgellons.
>>OLSEN: He does.
>>NOORY: What do you think
has caused this Morgellons
disease in people?
>>CLIFFORD CARNICOM:
Well, it is the result
of a very specific microbe.
The answer is it's a submicron
caucus form in a bacteria.
It is very similar--
it has many attributes
of the bacterial world.
However, I mentioned
earlier that it crosses over
into other domains,
and there's problems
with a straightforward
bacterial classification, OK?
But I will make the claim
that that specific microbe
is responsible.
And I will make it
based upon evidence.
I have 400 basically research
papers that I will present.
If somebody wishes to
examine, I will say,
you will have to
look at the evidence.
You're not allowed--
no one is allowed
to adopt a position
of skepticism
until you do the work.
You have to read the papers.
And if you have
any doubt about it,
you have to repeat
all of the work.
All the work I've done,
one of the standards
is that of repeatability.
It's one of the
rules of science.
That's a huge task
for 400 papers.
Essentially, it's all there, OK?
In addition to the
biomolecules of life,
the next thing you need, if
you can get it, is the DNA.
I have the DNA for
this organism, OK?
I know how to get
it, and I have it.
>>NOORY: Was it done
intentionally, Clifford?
>>CARNICOM: We don't know again.
We don't know the answer.
How do we know the
answers to that which
we're not privy to, right?
We can try to work
to the answers,
but we don't have them.
What I can do is present
possibilities, right?
You know, where
did it come from?
I don't know.
>>NOORY: And when?
>>CARNICOM: Possibilities
are first of all
to acknowledge and
be aware that even--
and there are
always these claims
of how we know everything.
In the world of
microbiology, we're
lucky if we know
a few percentage
points of the number
of species that
exist in the microbial world.
We know nothing, OK?
So one possibility is we don't
even know that it existed.
That's one, OK?
But you'll have to look
at history and chronology.
Unfortunately, you have
an onset and an arrival
of this particular condition.
We're talking the
last 20, 30 years.
So we don't have something
that has a history prior
to that we know of.
>>NOORY: So what
you can say, though,
is you believe
Morgellons, this disease,
has come from geoengineering,
but you don't know
if it's intentional or not?
Could be a mistake.
>>CARNICOM: No,
it's intentional.
We know that much.
It's by design.
We know that much,
because it's dispersed.
It's dispersed.
>>NOORY: Cliff was getting a
little hot under the collar.
This is very sensitive to him.
>>OLSEN: He's one of the leading
researchers in the field.
I have the utmost respect
for what he's done.
I've consulted with him.
I've put myself
into his data bank.
And I would like
to go to his clinic
and actually work
with him, because this
is a very fluid knowledge base.
It's moving very
quickly, and it changes.
400 papers, you can
tell he's very well
versed in this subject.
And that's what he does.
The Carnicom Institute
is devoted to this.
>>NOORY: What are the chances
that this came from chemtrails?
>>OLSEN: Well, that's
what Clifford Carnicom was
suggesting, and also
Sofia Smallstorm
actually found samples of
it in heavy chemtrail days.
As you know, they spray a
lot before and after storms,
and it comes down
in those storms
and can be collected and
examined under a microscope.
>>NOORY: So it could
come from chemtrails,
could come from environment,
but you're convinced it's real.
>>OLSEN: I'm convinced it's
real because I have it.
And I've been to
dermatologists--
>>NOORY: What did they say?
>>OLSEN: They have
not served me, George.
They tried to put
me on psych meds.
They thought it was--
>>NOORY: Everybody
who thinks they
have Morgellons is whacked out.
Is that what they think?
>>OLSEN: Well, that was
the case a couple years ago
when I was at the
top dermatology
clinic in San Francisco.
And they diagnosed me
as having parasitosis--
delusional parasitosis, that
I was just dreaming it all up.
And they gave me some
creams, some topicals,
that didn't do anything.
Maybe even made it worse.
And then I've moved to the
alternative treatments,
including some of the research
that the Carnicom Institute has
come out with.
>>NOORY: Could these little
feelings under your skin
be parasites?
>>OLSEN: They're a
form of parasites.
They are certainly--
>>NOORY: That are moving?
>>OLSEN: --a pathogen, yep,
that have a life of their own.
And people didn't have this
even 30, 40, 50 years ago.
So I agree with
Clifford Carnicom,
that it is newly introduced
and widely dispersed.
It's also been found in
certain kind of foods as well
as consumer products.
Looking at it
under a microscope,
I've heard it being in tampons
and other products that
are very close to the
skin, close to the body.
>>NOORY: When you buy the
product, it's already in that?
>>OLSEN: Yes.
It's being tainted.
>>NOORY: How long would these
fibers get at one point on you?
Could you see them?
>>OLSEN: Yeah, you can.
And you can also do
the red wine test,
and that's holding a glass of
red wine or organic grape juice
in your mouth for five minutes.
>>NOORY: All right.
What does that do?
>>OLSEN: Well, you spit it out.
It comes out of the
tongue and the soft tissue
and the throat--
>>NOORY: And fibers
come out with it?
>>OLSEN: Yes.
>>NOORY: You can see
them all over the place?
>>OLSEN: You can.
Yep.
I was just at dinner last
night with some people
that were interested, and we
did it, and everybody has it.
Deborah Tavares is also
saying that everybody has it
right now.
And it's people that are
Rh negative like my family,
that somehow our bodies
are trying to expel it,
and that's why it
comes through the skin.
But other people have it,
and it's kind of dormant.
>>NOORY: What's
next for Brad Olsen?
>>OLSEN: Well, I'm doing
a lot of interviews
and talking about this.
I'm going to the 5D
conference in Las Vegas
and doing a whole lot of
events online, and still trying
to enjoy my life and go
skiing while we still have
snow for the next six weeks.
>>NOORY: Well, keep fighting
the good fight, Brad.
>>OLSEN: It's always wonderful
to talk to you, George.
Thanks for having me on.
>>NOORY: So great having
people like Brad Olsen around.
His book, of course,
"Beyond Esoteric,"
to help teach us and guide
us so we can fight back.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[BACKGROUND MUSIC]